Science: The purpose of this observation is  To observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ring reflectance for spatial-spectral mapping of the rings and background measurements."
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is engineering test."
Science: The purpose of this observation is measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Titan atmosphere. Obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition. Identify haze layers."
Science: The purpose of this observation is o measure the brightness of rings in FUV (in some cases, EUV) with high spectral and moderate spatial resolution, seeking variation in spectral features across the rings."
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is special set up to support EOM downlink."
Science: The purpose of this observation is the purpose of this observation is to measure the Deuterium to Hydrogen ratio in Titan's atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to  measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Europa while VIMS observes the satellite."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire close range data in order to map UV albedo of the surface for studies of composition and surface properties, and to search for emission features indicative of tenuous atmospheres.  FUV and EUV use the low resolution slit."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire close range data in order to map UV albedo of the surface for studies of composition and surface properties, and to search for emission features indicative of tenuous atmospheres."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire close range data, map UV albedo of the surface for studies of composition and surface properties, and to search for emission features indicative of tenuous atmospheres."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire high spatial resolution data for albedo and composition of the surface.  EUV spectra are binned spectrally and edited spatially.  FUV data are full spectral and spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitude and phase angles.  FUV and EUV use low resolution slit.  EUV spectra are binned spectrally and edited spatially. FUV data are at full spectral, spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitudes and phase angles.  EUV spectra are binned spectrally and edited spatially.  FUV data are at full spectral and spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitudes and phase angles.  FUV and EUV use the low resolution slit.  EUV spectra are binned spatially.  FUV data are at full resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitudes and phase angles.  FUV and EUV use the low resolution slit.  EUV spectra are binned spectrally and edited spatially.  FUV data are at full resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitudes and phase angles.  FUV and EUV"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to acquire moderate distance data in order to determine UV albedo at a range of longitudes and phase angles."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to build EUV and FUV spectra of the rings."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to calibrate the full range of HSP photometric sensitivity."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to detect flashes produced by meteoroid impacts onto the rings to determine meteoroid impactor flux."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to detect very low signal emissions from tenuous gases in satellite's vicinity."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to determine heating rate variation at the top of the thermosphere for the purpose of determining the tumble density, to aid in proximal orbit planning.."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to determine heating rate variation at the top of the thermosphere for the purpose of determining the tumble density, to aid in proximal orbit planning."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to determine heating rate variation at the top of the thermosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to determine radial profile of the Saturn atmosphere, with particular interest in the thermosphere region."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to do UV ring spectroscopy using an occultation of OMI CET."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to enhance signal/noise and spatial resolution for spectroscopic studies of Saturn or Titan."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to enhance signal/noise and spatial resolution for spectroscopic studies of Saturn."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to enhance signal/noise and spatial resolution for spectroscopic studies of Saturn"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to enhance signal/noise and spatial resolution for spectroscopic studies of Titan."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to enhance signal/noise and spatial resolution for spectroscopic studies of Titan"
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate crosstalk between S/C subsystems and EUV, FUV."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate EUV and FUV functions and responses to a hot star response of EUV, FUV to off-axis scattered light."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate EUV and FUV functions and responses to a hot star."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate EUV and FUV functions."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate EUV, FUV response to the star Alpha Virginis and to evaluate the response of EUV, FUV to off-axis scattered light."
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is to evaluate line-of-sight offsets from the S/C -Y-axis."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to image Saturn's southern auroral zone."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to image the local environment around the inner satellites to characterize system vs. satellite origin of volatiles.  Enceladus observations may show dynamic link to plume activity."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to image the local environment around the inner satellites to characterize system vs. satellite origin of volatiles. Enceladus observations may show dynamic link to plume activity."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to map the EUV solar port."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to map the solar port FOV."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure HSP and FUV instrument response on dark sky for statistical baseline comparison to IMPACT detection measurements."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure Hydrogen/Deuterium ratio, atomic H temperature and thermospheric winds."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure satellite albedo in ultraviolet light as it enters and exits eclipse to look for post-eclipse brightening indicative of volatile transport."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure stellar EUV and FUV spectra while VIMS observes Fomalhaut."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure stellar EUV and FUV spectra while VIMS observes the Pleiades cluster."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the brightness of rings in FUV (in some cases, EUV) with high spectral and moderate spatial resolution, seeking variation in spectral features across the rings and in UV brightness of the rings at different illumination and viewing angles.."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the brightness of rings in FUV (in some cases, EUV) with high spectral and moderate spatial resolution, seeking variation in spectral features across the rings and in UV brightness of the rings at different illumination and viewing angles."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the brightness of rings in FUV (in some cases, EUV) with high spectral and moderate spatial resolution, seeking variation in spectral features across the rings."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the brightness of rings in FUV (in some cases, EUV) with high spectral and moderate spatial resolution, seeking variation in spectral features across the."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the Deuterium to Hydrogen ratio in Titan's atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the Deuterium to Hydrogen ratio in Titan's atmosphere"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the Deuterium/Hydrogen ratio."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV 636-1181A and FUV (1193-1393A) spectra of the Jovian system, while ISS obtains a Ring Movie."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of a cool star while it enters or exits occultation by Jupiter."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Europa while ISS watches it enter and/or exit eclipse."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Europa while VIMS observes the satellite."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Europa, while ISS stares at the satellite."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Ganymede while ISS watches it enter and/or exit eclipse."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Ganymede while VIMS observes the satellite."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Himalia, while ISS stares at the satellite."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io while ISS watches it enter and/or exit eclipse."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io while VIMS watches it enter and/or exit eclipse."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io's plasma torus and of Jupiter for 1 Jovian day, while ISS obtains a 2x2 mosaic."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io's plasma torus and of Jupiter for 1 Jovian day, while ISS stares at Jupiter's center."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io's plasma torus and of Jupiter for 3 Jovian days, while ISS obtains a 2x2 mosaic."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Io's plasma torus and of Jupiter for 3 Jovian days, while ISS stares at Jupiter's center."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter and Io's plasma torus, while ISS obtains a closest-approach mosaic."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter and of Io's plasma torus, while ISS stares at Jupiter's center."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter and the Io plasma torus while CIRS maps Jupiter's nightside temperature."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter and the Io plasma torus while ISS performs 1x2 rasters of Jupiter's night side."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter and the Io plasma torus while ISS performs 2x2 rasters of Jupiter."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter from phase angles between 100 and 130 deg in coordination with HST in Earth orbit."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter while CIRS tracks a feature moving across its disc."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter, including the N and S auroral zones, while UVIS obtains a 2-position stare."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter, while CIRS obtains a N-S scan of Jupiter."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter, while ISS observes Io enter and/or exit eclipse."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter, while VIMS obtains a planetary scan."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Jupiter's ring, while VIMS and CIRS obtain phase angle data."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Saturn while ISS performs a comp_check observation."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of the interplanetary medium while VIMS performs a radiator test."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of the Io plasma torus while ISS observes Jupiter's ring edge-on."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of the Io plasma torus while the UVIS slit scans across an ansa."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of the Jovian system, while ISS searches for new satellites."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV and FUV spectra of Venus' airglow during close flyby."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the EUV or FUV emissions from a solar or stellar target for the purpose of calibrating wavelength scale, photometric sensitivity, and detector flat fields."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the  interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while the S/C rotates about the Z-axis."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the  interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while the S/C rotates about the Z-axis"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the Earth's geotail."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, during downlinks that occurred while the Reaction Wheel Assembly anomaly was being dealt with."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while CAPS rotates S/C about Z-axis."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while CAPS rotates."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while MINI points -X axis to sun."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while RADAR conducts polarization measurements."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while RPWS obtains a ZX calibration."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while RPWS obtains an XX calibration."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while RPWS obtains an XY calibration."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while S/C is downlinking S/C may be rotating or not-rotating."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while S/C is downlinking."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while S/C is rotating during downlinking."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while the S/C rotates about the Z-axis or the X-axis."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while the S/C rotates about the Z-axis."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium, while VIMS conducts a SLITDIT observation."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the HeI 584A and HI Lyman Series emissions from the interplanetary/local interstellar medium."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the off-axis response characteristics of the EUV and FUV using the Sun as the light source."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the off-axis response characteristics of the EUV or FUV using the Sun as the light source."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV channels to various stars for purposes of photometric calibration."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector flat-field."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field ."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction"
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV and FUV detectors to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detectors flat-field."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV channel to the Sun for purposes of photometric calibration."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV detector in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV detector to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV detector to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the EUV, FUV, HSP and HDAC channels to various stars for purposes of photometric calibration."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the FUV detector to internally-scattered IPH emission and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the FUV detector to internally-scattered IPH Lyman-alpha and RTG noise in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to measure the response of the FUV detector to internally-scattered IPH Lyman-alpha and RTG noise, in order to monitor and improve the detector's flat-field correction."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure the spectrum and altitude profile of the airglow at a range of latitudes, local times, solar activities, and solar wind and magnetospheric conditions."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Enceladus plume. Gives measurement of amount of nitrogen in the plume."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Saturn atmosphere, obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Saturn atmosphere. Obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Titan atmosphere, obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition and identify haze layers."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to Measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Titan atmosphere. Obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition. Identify haze layers."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to measure transmission of EUV solar radiation through the Titan atmosphere. Obtain atmospheric vertical temperature distribution, composition."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings in order to make high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the EUV."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings so as to make high resolution measurements of ring structure with the EUV and to measure the temperature of Saturn's  high atmosphere and vertical profiles of H, H2 and hydrocarbons at many latitudes."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings so as to make high resolution measurements of ring structure with the EUV and to measure the temperature of Saturn's high atmosphere and vertical profiles of H, H2 and hydrocarbons at many latitudes."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings so as to make high resolution measurements of ring structure with the EUV and to measure the temperature of Saturn's"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high resolution measurements of ring structure with the EUV and to measure the temperature of Saturn's high atmosphere and vertical profiles of H, H2 and hydrocarbons at many latitudes."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure using EUV, measuring the temperature of Saturn's high atmosphere and vertical profiling of H, H2 and hydrocarbons at many latitudes."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a solar occultation in order to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings to make high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ring reflectance for spatial-spectral mapping of the rings and background measurements. ."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ring reflectance for spatial-spectral mapping of the rings and background measurements."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ring."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ring"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure with the HSP.  Usually, the FUV measures the ringreflectance for spatial-spectral mapping of the rings and background measurements."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation by Saturn's main rings, making high spatial resolution measurements of ring structure."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Cmi to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Cru  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Cru to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Eri to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Lyr to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Peri to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Vir  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alp Vir to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alpa Eri to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Alpha Virginis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Bet Cma  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Bet Cru  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Bet Cru to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Beta Cma to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Beta Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Beta Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Delta Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Delta, Epsilon and Zeta Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Eps Cma to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Eps Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Eps Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Epsilon Cma to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Eta Cma to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Eta Uma to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Titan's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Gam Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Kap Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Kappa Centauris to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Kappa Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Zate Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Zet Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Zeta Ori  to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the star Zeta Orionis to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the start Alp Cru to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the start Bet Cent to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe a stellar occultation of the target star in order to measure temperature and hydrocarbon vertical profiles in Saturn's high atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe Enceladus' plume."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe Enceladus' plume"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe relatively distant stellar occultations with the UVIS HSP."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) searching for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2.  The FUV has full spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2 withs full spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2.  FUV has full spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2.  The FUV has full spatial resoluti"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2.  The FUV has full spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2. The FUV has full spatial resoluti"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time resolution.  FUV data are binned spectrally by 2. The FUV has full spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe stellar occultations at close range (high spatial resolution) to search for existence of tenuous atmospheres and plumes.  HSP data is acquired with 2 msec time"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe the occultation of a star, for potential detection of tenuous atmosphere and for astrometry.  HSP and FUV data are collected."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to observe the shadowed portion of Saturn's main rings to detect flashes of light from meteoroid impacts.  Usually these are coupled with ISS WAC images (of ring material emerging from shadow) looking for spokes which might be associated with impacts."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain distant spectral images of Titan in the EUV and FUV to map the aurora and dayglow, to map hydrocarbon absorption, and to measure scattering and absorption by aerosols in the stratopshere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV profile of Saturn's airglow, at full resolution and full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Iapetus at full resolution and full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Phoebe at full resolution and with full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Phoebe at full resolution or with full spectral and reduced spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Saturn at full resolution and at full spectral and reduced spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Saturn containing the auroral zone, at full resolution and full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Saturn containing the auroral zone."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV & FUV spectral images of Saturn containing the auroral zone"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV and FUV spectral images of Jupiter while ISS performs a N-S meridional scan."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV and FUV spectral images of Phoebe at reduced (EUV) and full (FUV) resolution and at reduced (EUV) and full (FUV) spatial resolution."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV and FUV spectral images of Saturn at full resolution or at full EUV and reduced FUV spectral and full spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain EUV and FUV spectral images of the Saturn system at full resolution and full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain full spectral image cubes of Satur"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain full spectral image cubes of Saturn."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain full spectral image cubes of Saturn"
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain full spectral image cubes of the target body."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain full spectral image cubes of Titan."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Saturn's A-ring at full resolution and at full spectral but reduced spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Saturn's diffuse E- and G-rings at full resolution and full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Saturn's G-ring at full resolution and at full spectral but reduced spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Saturn's icy satellites at full resolution and at full spectral but reduced spatial coverage, and EUV spectral images of Saturn's icy satellites at greatly reduced resolution but full coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Saturn's rings at full resolution or at full spectral but reduced spatial coverage."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to obtain FUV spectral images of Titan at full resolution and at full spectral but reduced spatial coverage."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to obtain HSP and FUV calibration of stars observed in ring occultations."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to obtain HSP, FUV and EUV dark current calibration."
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is to perform an engineering test."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to perform stellar calibration using Alpha Per."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to perform stellar calibration using Alpha Virginis."
Calibration: The purpose of this observation is to perform stellar Calibration using Epsilon Per."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to probe hydrocarbon and aerosol vertical profiles in Titan's upper atmosphere."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to search for Dione Plume."
Science: The purpose of this observation is to stare at an icy satellite for long periods of time to get long integrations in order to detect very low signal emissions from tenuous gases in satellite's vicinity."
Engineering: The purpose of this observation is warm up HSP.  Slew to Spica. Execute two mosaics, centered on Spica.  The HSP mosaic will be 1 deg X 1 deg, executed with a continuous slew mosaic with swath spacing of 180 swaths. The slew rate will be 0.025 deg/sec for the HSP."
